Add scylladb module (#8002)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/modules/databases/scylladb.md

# ScyllaDB Module

## Usage example

> This example connects to the ScyllaDB Cluster, creates a keyspaces and asserts that is has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example connects to a ScyllaDB Cluster, creates a keyspace and asserts that is has been created.
```
